summer party season is finally upon us
so I've teamed up with frigidaire
gallery to bring you three
mouth-watering pasta salads that are
guaranteed to be a hit at your next
barbecue or potluck these crowd-pleasing
dishes are effortless to make quick to
pull together and absolutely delicious
and the best part is that all three can
be prepared the day before and then
stored in the refrigerator until it's
party time today I'm going to show you
my Italian inspired caprese pasta salad
my yummy BLT pasta salad and a bright
fresh summer veggie pasta salad that is
just bursting with the flavors and
colors of summertime now let's get
started with my completely pasta salad
for this pasta salad I'm actually using
or akechi which is this adorable round
pasta that's sort of shaped like a
seashell and all I'm going to do is cook
my pasta according to package directions
I'm using an induction range which is
really handy because it actually boils
water in under two minutes let me tell
you that can go a long way when you're
cooking pasta once my pasta is cooked
through I'm going to drain it in a
colander and then run it under some cold
water to stop the cooking process next
it's time to mix up a really simple
sauce for this pasta salad and it's
really just a matter of mixing some
pesto with some balsamic vinegar all I'm
going to do is whisk the two together
and what you end up with is this sweet
and savory sauce that has a ton of
flavor I'm going to pour the sauce over
my pasta and give it a good toss until
it's evenly coated then I'm going to add
some more beautiful caprese flavor with
some cherry tomatoes that I've just cut
in half some mini mozzarella balls and
some freshly chopped basil I'm going to
give it all one more toss and this pasta
salad is ready to enjoy
this fresh gorgeous salad boasts so many
yummy flavors of summer but for me the
basil really is the star of this show it
can be enjoyed right away or stored in
the refrigerator for between three and
four days next up I've got my amazing
BLT pasta salad with a delicious
homemade Italian dressing now for this
recipe I'm actually using or folly which
are these adorable little bow ties which
I think really adds a sense of occasion
to this pasta salad for the be in this
BLT pasta salad we are going to fire up
some bacon in a skillet on the stove
I've got four or five slices of bacon
over medium heat I'm going to cook it
until it's nice and crispy and golden
brown
then I'm just going to remove it from
the skillet and drain it on some paper
towels next it's time to get to work on
my yummy Italian dressing it all starts
with some olive oil in a bowl to that
I'm going to add some red wine vinegar
some fresh lemon juice and some minced
garlic next I've got some dried herbs
I've got some dried parsley some dried
basil and some dried oregano I'm going
to season this up with some salt and
some pepper and then give it a good
whisk now because this dressing comes
together so easily I like to make a big
batch and then store it in my
refrigerator for up to five days my
French has all these handy adjustable
bins and shelves that make it easy to
make space for tall bottles like this
this dressing is amazing on salads but
it also makes an awesome marinade or a
dip for yummy crusty bread now it's time
to bring it all together so I've got my
cooked bar filet in a large mixing bowl
and to that I'm going to add some
chopped romaine lettuce some chopped
cherry tomatoes and my tasty cooked
bacon I'm also adding some finely diced
red onion for a little bit of sweetness
and added crunch
I'm going to mix it all together but I'm
going to leave my dressing on the side
because this salad is best dressed 10
minutes before serving this salad is
sure to be a hit with your guests it's
got all of the wonderful flavors of a
classic BLT and a ton of great crunch
finally today I'm going to show you my
incredibly fresh summer veggie pasta
salad
for this recipe I am using all sorts of
gorgeous summer vegetables like green
beans red bell peppers and zucchini that
I got from my local farmers market but
it's also so versatile you can really
use any kind of fresh veggies you like I
like to store these in my
humidity-controlled crisper drawer so
they stay super fresh and retain all
that crunch in a steamer basket I'm
going to gently steam my green beans
until they're tender crisp then I'm
going to get to work on my dressing this
dressing is really really simple it's
basically just a matter of mixing some
olive oil with some white wine vinegar a
little bit of Dijon mustard and some
salt and pepper whisking that all
together next I'm going to assemble my
salad so I've got my cooked rotini in a
bowl and to that I'm going to add my
gently steamed green beans some red bell
pepper and some chopped zucchini for
some sweetness I'm adding some fresh
corn that I've actually cut right off of
the cob no cooking required I'm going to
finish this off with some finely chopped
red onion and some fresh parsley then
I'm going to pour over my dressing and
toss it all until it's well combined
this delicious salad can be stored in
your refrigerator for three or four days
and really just gets better the longer
it sits in Neth dressing
I hope these three tasty recipes help to
inspire your summer entertaining and of
course if you give them a try be sure to
tweet or Instagram me a photo because
you know I love seeing your kitchen
creation don't forget that the full
recipes are listed in the description
box below so you can check them out
there and finally if you haven't already
be sure to subscribe because there is
lots more tastiness where this came from